The girl with the sharp thorn in her flesh
I meet you at your story
Behind the hatred there lies a murderous love

Do you kill your friends, if you can fulfill your wish?
Can you die for someone?
They are synonymous words

Life is a game It's a survival That's right! How do you start?
Time and Space It' s a crossroad through a gate! Where do you go?

You seek eternal breath
Why do you need to live?
We don't know when this world came into being
We are the timeleaper

Nothing's gonna change with you in the world
Everything will be decided by the rules
Oh, We are traveling the past and the future through love

Break out!
Let's dial back all the pains and we will be born again
I wanna see the stars with you
Over the miracle
It's not a Dead END

The boy with the loneliness in his side
I wanna control your soul
Behind the hatred there lies a plundering love

The Future has been over
But we are fixating on that
The past is still to come
Yes! They are in the same time

Death is a frame It's a spiral That's all How do you think?
God and Evil It's a scapegoat through the heart What do you know?
“What's at the back of your mind? I can't hold your hand”
You say“Where are you going to take me? I can't believe”
We walk the parallel line

Nothing's gonna change my deep love for you
Everything will be going right for me
Oh, we are wandering in light and darkness through eyes

Break down! Let's revamp all the truth and we will create a fact
I wanna feel the reality with the agony of doubt

I love U Cuz U are always by my side…

Dead or Alive Dead or Alive
Back to you…
Can't you read? Can't you see?
My words in your virtual vision
Save my life! Save your life!
Why do you come here? I'm such a liar
Bad choice! Bad sign!
It is a prologue of collapse
I don't stop your desire, cuz I can't forget you

Nothing's gonna change with you in the world
Everything will be decided by the rules
Oh, We are traveling the past and the future through love

Break out!
Let's dial back all the pains and we will be born again
I wanna see the stars with you
Over the miracle
It's not a Dead END